Update readiness-assessment-fix.md (#4067)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/managed-desktop/get-ready/readiness-assessment-fix.md

You don't have all the licenses you need to use Microsoft Managed Desktop. For more information, see [Microsoft Managed Desktop technologies](../intro/technologies.md) and [More about licenses](prerequisites.md#more-about-licenses).

### Microsoft Managed Desktop service accounts

> Certain accounts names could conflict with ones created by Microsoft Managed Desktop to manage the Microsoft Managed Desktop service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain account names could conflict with account names created by Microsoft Managed Desktop to manage the Microsoft Managed Desktop service.
```

**Not ready**

> You have at least one account name that will conflict with ones created by Microsoft Managed Desktop. Work with your Microsoft account representative to exclude these account names as we don't list the accounts names publicly to minimiize security risk. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have at least one account name that will conflict with account names created by Microsoft Managed Desktop. Work with your Microsoft account representative to exclude these account names as we don't list the account names publicly to minimize security risk. 
```
